 UltraStats Installation help
 ----------------------------------

 To install UltraStats, you will need:

 * Apache or IIS Webserver
 * PHP5 ( PHP4 should still work )
 * MySQL Database
 * A gamelog from a Call Of Duty 1/Uo/2/4/WaW gameserver. 

 Preperations 
 ------------

 In order too use UltraStats, your gameserver will need to write a
 gamelogfile, which might not be the default case. For all known
 Call of Duty Versions, the following settings are recommended in 
 your server configuration: 

     set logfile "1"		// 0 = NO log, 1 = log file enabled 
     set g_logsync "2"		// 0=no log, 1=buffered, 
				// 2=continuous, 3=append 
     set g_log "games_mp.log"	// Name of log file. 

 To workaround certain logfile bugs in Call of Duty 4, I recommend 
 the following setting as well: 
 
     set sv_log_damage "1"	// Enables damage logging. 

 Installation in Detail
 ----------------------

  1. Upload all files from the ultrastats/src/ folder to your webserver. 
     The other files are not needed on the webserver. 

  2. If your webserver has write access to the ultrastats folder, 
     you can skip the following step: 
     
         Upload the scripts configure.sh and secure.sh from the 
         contrib folder into the same folder where you uploaded 
	 the ultrastats files into. Then set the execution flag 
	 on both files (chmod +x configure.sh secure.sh). 
         
         Now run ./configure.sh, this will create a blank config.php, 
         and will also set write access to everyone to it. You can 
	 perform this step manually of course if you know what you 
	 are doing ;)

  3. Now access your ultrastats installation by using your favourite 
     webbrowser. You should see an error message pointing you to the 
     installation script. Follow this link and follow the instructions 
     from the installer. 
 
  3.1 Step 1 -	Prerequisites Beginning of installation / welcome site
		This is the first page of the installation. It just tells
		you, that before installing, some file permission have to
		be checked. Simply click "Next" to start the process.

  3.2 Step 2 -	Verify the file permissions
		Here you will see, if the config.php can be written or not.
		If it cannot be written, you have to set file permissions 
		and repeat the check of Step 2.

  3.3 Step 3 -	Database Configuration
		In this step you have to configure the basic database 
		options of UltraStats. 
		- Database Host = The Servername or IP of your MYSQL Server
		- Database Port = The database Port of your MYSQL Server
		- Database Name = The database name, needs to be created first!
				  UltraStats does not create the database itself.
		- Table prefix	= If you plan to use more then ONE UltraStats 
				  installation in ONE database, you can change
				  the table prefix here. The table prefix is 
				  prepended in each table of UltraStats. 
		- Database User	= A MYSQL Username with sufficient rights to your
				  database
		- Database Password = The password for your MYSQL User account, 
				  if needed. 
		- Gameversion	= Select which Version of Call of Duty you are 
				  going to use. Note that you can only log 
				  data from ONE game version in ONE UltraStats
				  installation. 



  3.4 Step 4 -	Create Tables
		If you reach this step, this means the conenction test to your
		MYSQL database was successfull, and can start filling the 
		database with tables and data. 

		Be careful! Any existing UltraStats installation with the SAME
		table prefix will be OVERWRITTEN!

  3.5 Step 5 -	Check SQL Results
		This steps confirms that all database statements were successfully
		performed. 

  3.6 Step 6 -	Creating the firts Adminuser
		To administrate UltraStats, you need at least one Adminuser. 
		In this step you have to add the first Adminuser. 

  3.8 Step 7 -	Done
		UltraStats is now fully installed and should be accessable now. 


  4.	If everything went right, you should see a message "No Servers installed"
	when you access the index page of your UltraStats installation.
	Klick on the Admin Center menu entry, and login UltraStats to add your 
	first Server. 
  
  5.	Now go to the Server Admin and click on "Add Server". 
	The most important field is the "Gamelog Location" which specifies the relative
	location of your gamelog, from where the webserver needs to be able to access
	the gamelogfiles. 

	If you unsure, to not change this default value. The default value 
	"../gamelogs/server_1.log" will assume, that the gamelog is located in the 
	"gamelogs" folder of your UltraStats Installation. If gameserver and webserver 
	are the same machine, you can configure the full logical path to your gamelog
	file here. 

  6.	Now click on "Add Server" to add the server entry into the database. 

  7.	If you do NOT need to download the gamelog from a remote location, you can 
	skip this step. 
	
	Click on the Edit button of your server, you will see that the "Create" 
	button for the "Remote FTP Gamelog Location" is available now. You can use
	this button to build a valid FTP URL, here is an example of a valid one: 
	ftp://username@127.0.0.1/.callofdutyww/main/Server1_mp.log

  8.	If you do NOT need to download the gamelog from a remote location, you can 
	skip this step. 

	Assuming that you have a valid FTP Location, you can click the download 
	icon in the Server Admin Center now, to start the gamelogfile download. 
	You will be prompted for the ftp password if needed. 

	UltraStats does append downloads of existing gamelogfiles, so you do not need
	to worry about traffic issues. 

  9.	Run the gamelog parser!
	Click on the RunParser Icon in the Server Admin Center to start the parsing 
	process. The script is internally designed to avoid PHP Script timeouts,
	and automatically reload itself if necessary. 

	However if database grow larger, it is possible that a php script timeout still
	happens when the parser is in the middle of a SQL statement. In this case, it 
	would be a good Idea to switch over to parse the gamelog using the command 
	prompt. Sample scripts can be found in the contrib folder. 

  10.	Run Total/Final Calculations
	For performance issues of the database, there are certain things which are done 
	at each end of a complete parsing process. This includes generation if medals, 
	top used aliases and more. 

  11.	Finished
	If everything went right, you should see stats data in your UltraStats installation
	now ;)!

Note on SUPPORT issues
--------------------------------
If you experience problems or any bugs within UltraStats, feel free to post into our Forums: 
http://www.ultrastats.org

